	During the course of creating Parsely, we learned how to download and implement the StDraw pack, which is an external library we used 
to create. graphical interfaces. We worked on rewriting parts of the library to match the specific purposes we needed the code to work
for, which in our case meant for creating bell curves to represent where the candidates stood compared to other ones in their resume 
group. We also learned how to use Github via the Command Prompt and Desktop app, as well as how to revert Github commits, which is 
something we had never been able to do successfully before this project. Through this process, we also got much better at working 
collaboratively on a single project in the remote learning environment. We thoroughly enjoyed debugging our code together to get it to run
successfully, sharing ideas together to reach working solutions and optimize our program, and also having the flexibility to get creative 
with our project and work on something we all found would help our learning. 
	The most challenging and frustrating aspects of this project revolved around working with the Eclipse IDE, because we hadn’t worked 
with it since high school, and sometimes we’d run into errors where older versions of our code were compiling instead of new ones. 
Another problem was working with GitHub and running into merge conflicts, which often happened if more than one of us made changes 
to the same Class or or other text file. Another issue we had was not having enough foresight into the design process to make sure 
that each class we work on separately would merge successfully once all put together. To resolve any conflicts we had, we worked on 
organizing fields and methods to successfully and efficiently work with one another. We found it helpful to touch base constantly with
team members on every small update and meet up consistently when we would usually have class time, so we could work through any of our
problems together more efficiently and quickly. 
	Our program has some limitations - occasionally, certain keywords will reach null pointer exceptions. We tried to debug the program so that 
it would run for a majority of keywords entered, however, certain keywords will still give us this error. Furthermore, our parsing program assumes 
that resumes are formatted with the candidate names first, and experiences listed out afterwards. If given more time, we would expand the program to 
fix these issues. 
